welcome to Ching secret the real way to
tasty instant Chinese I have with me my
master chef again how are you I'm very
well how are you if I'm going to great
so what are we making today master
making chili garlic noodles chili garlic
noodles Ahmed another version of red
Hakka noodles okay only thing extra in
this is lots of chilies lots of garlic
okay great chili and garlic I knew this
okay what this we need some vegetables
as well some spring onions some French
beans some cabbage some onion some
capsicum and some carrots and we can add
more vegetables whenever we like right
your choice if you don't want any use
leave them
add something else so today we won't
cook with onions let's see how it goes
okay no toys add this to flame in
Sergeant Lonnie no ha ha ha
2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy bottomed
buying pants heavy bottom flying on and
should be smoking hot as DITA said we're
going to use any understood a trap
secure okay
I'm could be replace capsicum with
yellow peppers red peppers to me and
exactly we don't do that
great got it
capsicum carrot very few shades of
carrot okay French beans French beans
and some cabbage okay you need to stir
fry them properly then goes a generous
amount of garlic
I'm not adding garlic at the first point
because it needs to be slightly Qatar
okay yes otherwise you're going to get
actual garlic flavor in it right
letting the cracking sound or the
business pull over do the vegetables
otherwise they lose the moisture that
comes soggy don't get the crunchiness in
your mouth when you bite it right most
Chinese cooking has that of counting
exactly the pulse right now goes the
King secret stays on sauce to take care
of the spiciness in the noodle the Smith
in Jones tomato ketchup to give
sweetness and tomato flavor sink secret
olive oil sauce or sixty wrap around
five to six ingredients that subscribe
so things of salt pinch of pepper 1/2 a
teaspoon of chili vinegar and then we
add noodles
I think CJ's hotter news goes in and
then you take over my master chef if
you're not comfortable stirring the
noodles with a wooden spoon you can do
it with the four pulcher okay if you
know the four that's looking great in
fact if you want some more vegetables
you can add baby corn the blanched
veggie corn in it okay you can add valve
fsor Jesus s the most spiciness you want
add green chilies now those give
actually place a generous amount since
it's a trillion okay a generous amount
and that can also be added and removed
according to the fifth personal tastes
and flavors in exactly for the noodles
are ready these everything how is it
okay I will tell you how it is
it's very hot hot spicy in the hot spicy
and filled with goodness and instantly
and lots of low-polygon thank you mm-hmm
so there you have it
chili garlic noodles prepared instantly
for you stay tuned for more of chink
secret the real way to tasty instant
Chinese one fact change secret veg
bills 2 tbsp ching secret
all-in-one sauce 1 tbsp ching secret
shades on sauce 1 tbsp spin thin jones
tomato ketchup 1 tsp dark soy sauce 1/2
TSP Ching secret chili vinegar 1 tbsp
garlic chopped 1 tbsp red chili flakes 1
carrot 1 spring onion 1 capsicum 5 to 6
French beans 1/2 medium cabbage 2 tbsp
oil salt and pepper to taste